fix: passing value prop on CommandItem (#5141)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the single select trigger to use native button semantics with expanded and disabled state coverage, fixing [#4764](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/4764) ([#5117](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/5117))
- Added `CyclicSchemaExpandTemplate` to the list of templates for the theme, updating snapshots accordingly

> - Fixed a small visual bug [#5126](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/5126) that caused hovering over items of `FancySelect` and `FancyMultiSelect` that have the same label to incorrectly highlight more than one element ([#5141](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/pull/5141))

Reviewer: No need to mention the PR
```suggestion
- Fixed a small visual bug that caused hovering over items of `FancySelect` and `FancyMultiSelect` that have the same label to incorrectly highlight more than one element, fixing [#5126](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/5126)
```
